Master Jiu, I am today
You stand up for me
I am with Kowloon today.
But you don't care
Jiu Ye, the invitation in my hand is Qinji of the Qing Army
Even if you are the father of the Qing army
Can't take me away
Now I order the Qing army
You throw him out for me
Otherwise, the Qing army will be light
I will tell you
Xiao Feifei has been up to now
Can't you see reality?
In reality, I hold the invitation letter from the Qing Army in person
The more realistic
Have you not even listened to the orders of the Qing army in 9 years?
Don't bother
I gave you that invitation
The famous Qing Army Order was also rewarded by me
I said I am responsible for everything about you
And you take credit for it.
self-eating
follow the east
You don't deserve it.
Wang Jiamie
Zhao Jiamie
Sun Jiamie
Zhou Jiamie
You are courting death
Tianxia Bai Clan